[7/10] Add docs for Evaluation Datasets (#17186)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/genai/concepts/evaluation-datasets.mdx

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs"
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"
import { APILink } from "@site/src/components/APILink";
import ImageBox from "@site/src/components/ImageBox";
import TabsWrapper from "@site/src/components/TabsWrapper";
import FeatureHighlights from "@site/src/components/FeatureHighlights";
import ConceptOverview from "@site/src/components/ConceptOverview";
import TilesGrid from "@site/src/components/TilesGrid";
import TileCard from "@site/src/components/TileCard";
import DAGLoop from "@site/src/components/DAGLoop";
import { Database, GitBranch, TestTube, Users, Shield, ChartBar, FileText, Target, AlertTriangle, Activity, Code } from "lucide-react";

# Evaluation Dataset Concepts

> <div style={{backgroundColor: '#fff3e0', padding: '16px', borderRadius: '8px', marginBottom: '24px', border: '1px solid #ff9800'}}>
>   <div style={{display: 'flex', alignItems: 'center', gap: '8px', marginBottom: '8px'}}>
>     <AlertTriangle size={20} color="#ff9800" />
>     <strong>SQL Backend Required</strong>
>   </div>
>   <p style={{margin: 0}}>
>     Evaluation Datasets require an MLflow Tracking Server with a SQL backend (PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, or MSSQL).
>     This feature is <strong>not available</strong> in FileStore (local mode) due to the relational data requirements
>     for managing dataset records, associations, and schema evolution.
>   </p>
> </div>

Reviewer: could we use the native [docusaurus admonitions](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions#specifying-title) / markdown?
```suggestion
:::warning[SQL Backend Required]
    Evaluation Datasets require an MLflow Tracking Server with a SQL backend (PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, or MSSQL).
    This feature is **not available** in FileStore (local mode) due to the relational data requirements
    for managing dataset records, associations, and schema evolution.
:::
```

</TabsWrapper>

## Trace to Dataset Workflow

Transform production data into comprehensive test suites through this continuous improvement cycle:

<DAGLoop
  title="Continuous Improvement Cycle"
  steps={[
    {
      icon: Activity,
      title: "Capture Traces",
      description: "Collect execution traces from production",
      detailedDescription: "MLflow automatically captures detailed traces of your GenAI application's execution in production, including inputs, outputs, and intermediate steps.",
    },
    {
      icon: Target,
      title: "Add Expectations",
      description: "Annotate traces with ground truth",
      detailedDescription: "Domain experts review production traces and add expectations that define correct behavior, creating a gold standard for evaluation."
    },
    {
      icon: Database,
      title: "Build/Update Dataset",
      description: "Add new records to evolving dataset",
      detailedDescription: "Traces with expectations are merged into your existing dataset, continuously expanding test coverage. New edge cases, failure modes, and scenarios are incrementally added without losing existing test cases.",
      isFocus: true
    },
    {

>       icon: TestTube,

Reviewer: same here
```suggestion
      icon: FlaskConical,
```
